WIP [feature] Add hotplug events (#180)
openwisp/openwisp-config: README.rst

Path to an executable script that will be called after the registration is completed.

Hotplug Events
--------------

> *openwisp-config* will send hotplug events in the following situations:

Reviewer: let's link hotplug events to https://openwrt.org/docs/guide-user/base-system/hotplug

- After the registration is successfully completed: ``post-registration``
- After the registration failed: ``registration-failed``
- After the configuration has been successfully applied: ``config-applied``
- After the previous configuration has been restored: ``config-restored``
- Before services are reloaded: ``pre-reload``
- After services have been reloaded: ``post-reload``

If a hotplug event is sent by *openwisp-config* then all scripts existing in
``/etc/hotplug.d/openwisp/`` will be executed. In scripts the type of event
is visible in the variable ``$ACTION``. For example, a script to log the hotplug
events, ``/etc/hotplug.d/openwisp/01_log_events``, could look like this:

.. code-block:: shell

    #!/bin/sh

    logger "openwisp-config sent a hotplug event. Action: $ACTION"

It will create log entries like this::

    Wed Jun 22 06:15:17 2022 user.notice root: openwisp-config sent a hotplug event. Action: registration-failed

For more information see

> `OpenWrt Wiki <https://openwrt.org/docs/guide-user/base-system/hotplug>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information on using these events refer to
the `Hotplug Events OpenWrt Documentation <https://openwrt.org/docs/guide-user/base-system/hotplug>`_.
```

- After the registration is successfully completed: ``post-registration``
- After the registration failed: ``registration-failed``
- After the start of the agent after a bootup of the device: ``bootup``

> - After the 2nd and all following starts of the agent after a bootup: ``restart``

Reviewer: What about:

- When the device completes the first start after booting up: ``bootup``
- After any subsequent restarts are completed: `restarts`

Author: * The device doesn't complete the start, but the agent
* I would name the event `restart`, not `restarts`, because it is related to one single restart of the agent

So what about:

* When the agent first starts after the bootup of the device: `bootup`
* After any subsequent restart: `restart`

Reviewer: yes, restarts was a typo, sorry.

Author: What do you think about my suggestion?

Author: @nemesisdesign I updated my last commit with the event description I suggested.
